These wounds took over a week to heal.
A nice bag.
If only I wasn't just a student sponsored by Duke Targaryen, but his real daughter.
Isn't she the one who was shopping with Lord Targaryen the other day?
She must be the Lady Targaryen.
My Lady, this is from our recent collection.
It looks perfect on you.
It's only $800,000.
For you, that's just like some snack money.
I was mistaken for the Lady again.
Too bad I can't afford this.
A little bird told me Lady Targaryen likes to shop around.
She surely looks like her.
My Lady, why are you so careless?
Your shoes are covered in bed.
Good job.
What's your name?
On the series, I managed to get an invitation to the wedding of my former ex-girlfriend and Jamie
Stark. I'll do anything you ask if you help me get back at them, my Lady.